How many legs does the Legs of Man have? 
How many tails does a Manx cat have? 
How many teeth does an aardvark have?
Which sea creature has three hearts? 
Which instrument has forty-seven strings and seven pedals? 
In the traditional rhyme, how many mice were blind? 
How many bones does an adult human have?
How many pedals do most modern pianos have? 
Water boils at 212 degrees on which temperature scale?
What is the Italian word for "pie"? 
What is the national flower of Wales? 
Which Australian marsupial enjoys eating eucalyptus leaves? 
Which reptile should you never smile at, according to the song?
Alfred, an ancient King of Wessex, is famous for burning what?
In nautical terms, what is the opposite of port?
How many bones are there on a Skull & Crossbones flag?
What was Marilyn Monroe's natural hair colour?
What is the world's tallest tree? 
How many sides, in total, would three triangles and three rectangles have? 
What is entomophobia? 
Who invented the bikini?
When did the French Revolution end? 
Which ocean surrounds the Maldives?
What is the name of Europe's most northern town?
Which Russian town suffered an infamous nuclear disaster in 1986?
Which planet shares its name with a dog?
In nautical terms, what is the opposite of windward?
What is an irrational fear of trees called?
Which is the most northerly of the Channel Isles?
Where on the human body is the zygomatic bone found?
Name the fictional character whose household duties did not prevent her determination to dance. 
Which hero of a seasonal song has a very shiny nose? 
Name this stringless fictional character created by Carlo Collodi over one hundred years ago. 
What is the world's biggest spider? 
What is the largest freshwater lake in the world?
What is another word for lexicon? 
What is the seventh planet from the sun? 
Who invented the rabies vaccine? 
Which is the only U.S. state to begin with the letter 'p'? 
What is the world's biggest island? 
What is the world's longest river? 
What is the world's largest ocean? 
What is the diameter of Earth? 
What is the name of the world's most ancient forest, and where is it located? 
Which four British cities have underground rail systems? 
What is the capital city of Spain? 
Which country is Prague in? 
Who directed the Lord of the Rings trilogy? 
Who played Neo in The Matrix? 
Which chess piece can only move diagonally? 
What is the painting La Gioconda more usually known as? 
How many valves does a trumpet have? 
When did Margaret Thatcher become prime minister of the UK? 
When did the Cold War end? 
When was the euro introduced as legal currency on the world market? 
In publishing, what does POD mean? 
When was the ebook invented? 
How old is the world's oldest dictionary? 
Who invented the TV? 
What was the most-watched UK TV programme of all time? 
Which popular BBC series about old collectables began in 1979, presented by Bruce Parker and Arthur Negus, and is still running to this day? 
What is sushi traditionally wrapped in? 
May Queen, Wisley Crab, Foxwhelps and Lane's Prince Albert are all species of what? 
What is allspice alternatively known as? 
What colour is Absynthe? 
Which black mineral, especially popular with Victorians, was used to make jewellery? 
What do you call a time span of one thousand years?
When did the world celebrate its most recent millennium?
How many degrees are found in a circle? 
The Dewey Decimal system is used to categorise what?
How many squares are there on a chessboard? 
The word 'bible' comes from the Greek 'biblion'—what does biblion mean?
Name the four main human blood groups. 
How many points does a compass have?
What are the four types of teeth? 
Which hormone controls the supply of sugar between muscles and blood?
In Japanese, what is the word for goodbye?
How many American cents make up a dime?
Which illness wiped out thousands of people across Europe during the 14th century? 
Name the Chinese game played with small tiles. 
Which delicacy is loved by pigs, who dig for it around tree roots?
What do you call the smell which wine gives off? 
How many strings does a cello have?
In which year did Britain start using the decimal currency? 
What is the average temperature of the human body, in degrees centigrade?
What is an antonym? 
What is the bluebird a symbol of?
Which former American president had a popular children's toy named after him? 
What is rum distilled from? 