Which country music artist was born in Montreal, Canada? Terri Clark, Ricky Skaggs or Chris Ledoux?
Which country music legend married Janis Oliver?
Who sang a duet with Garth Brooks on the song "In Another's Eyes"?
Which country music sensation won the tenth season of American Idol?
Tom and Mike Gossin are members of which country music band?
"When and Where" was an album released by which country band?
Which country music artist is developing a reputation for his numerous pairs of glasses?
Dean Brody released which song in 2009? Easy Money, My Kind of Living or Dirt Road Scholar?
The Reason was an album released by which country band?
Jason Albert, Keith West and Todd Anderson are all members of which country group?
Which country music star had to have his pinky reattached after an accident on the oil rigs?
Which country music star was born as Mathew Shafer?
Whose first single was titled "That's the Thing About a Memory"?
What was the name of the first album released by Whiskey Falls?
Which country band's stage collapsed on the 13th of August 2011 just before they were about to perform?
"When I woke up tonight, I said I'm gonna make somebody love me." What Franz Ferdinand song starts with these lyrics?
Who was the song "Umbrella" written for?
"___ was my drug ... Then I had to resort to other things to make me feel that. Now ___ is getting me high again." What is Eminem referring to?
Pimp, Old School, Gypsy and Rave – what are these in relation to Madonna?
The music video of "Hey Ya!" by Outkast mimics, which famous band?
The Nappies is a fictional band, created by whom?
The spanish version of "Whenever, Wherever" is called "Suerte". What does "suerte" mean?
In 2007, Snoop Dogg released a song "It's the D.O.G.", and it was a pioneering move in a certain sense. Why?
What band is Damon Albarn in?
Who composed the Bond song for the Bond movie, Quantum of Solace?
"[J]ust some white kid who's tried to act black over the last several years". Who is Simon Cowell referring to?
The Black Eyed Peas recorded the song "More" for the purpose of an advertisement. What were they advertising?
What exactly is the Pussycat Dolls-styled venue?
What is the only band of the top 25 touring acts of the 2000s to sell out every show?
What Gnarls Barkley music video features shots of inkblots from the Rorschach psychological test?
Who was featured with Beyonce on the 2007 hit "Beautiful Liar"?
Which American singer-songwriter was "So Sick" in 2006?
Known for hits like "How You Remind Me" and "Rock Star," which Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta?
Released by Creed, which song opens with the lyric - "Well I just heard the news today. It seems my life is going to change"?
"You Belong With Me" was a 2009 hit for which American singer-songwriter?
Making its debut in August of 2008, what was the name of Lady Gaga's debut album?
Rihanna released "Take a Bow" in which year?
Brent Kutzle is the drummer for which American pop rock band?
Which artist, and winner of the third season of American Idol, had the number one hit song "I Believe" in 2004?
Released in 2004, how many weeks did Usher and Alicia keys spend at #1 with the song "My Boo"?
Flo Rida's 2008 hit "Low" featured which other act?
Complete the title of the 2000 Backstreet Boys hit - "Show me the meaning of being..."?
Corla Iral Haynes Jr. is the real name of which popstar?
Gerard Way was the lead singer with which band that was active from 2001 to 2013?
"Infinity on High" and "From Under the Cork Tree" are albums by which band?
Santana had a hit in 2000 with which song?
Which is the correct name of the band that had a 2001 hit with "Here's to the Night"?
Which artist had a chart-topping hit in 2002 with the song "Complicated"?
Which of the following Madonna albums was not released sometime during the 2000s decade?
Which band consists of the members - Chris Martin, Guy Berryman, Jonny Buckland and Will Champion?
What pop icon covered Don McLean's classic song American Pie for the
soundtrack to her film The Next Best Thing?
In 2000, the band Filter wanted us to "Take a ??????"?
Which of the following songs was a hit for Sheryl Crow in 2002?
What Rapper and rocker released the hit song "Only God Knows Why"?
Lost due to a plane crash at the age of 22, Aaliyah had a number one Billboard hit with what song?
Finish the song title to this number one hit for Christina Aguilera, What a Girl?.
Listed by Rolling Stone magazine as one of the most annoying songs of all time, who released "Who Let the Dogs Out?" as a single in 2000?
Whom did Mandy Moore want to be with in 2000?
Jay-Z teamed up with what soul singer to record the song "Empire State of Mind" in 2009?
What did Katy Perry kiss and like in 2008?
Their first pop top 10 hit in the US, who released the song "Paralyzer" in 2007?
Released on her debut solo album, "Love. Angel. Music. Baby." who had a mega-hit with the song "Hollaback Girl"?
What did Pink want to get started in 2001?
What Canadian singer-songwriter had a number one hit with the song Complicated in 2002?
What Beyonce Knowles song, released in 2003, includes samples from a 1975 Donna Summer's song, "Love to Love You Baby"?
What is Gangnam?
Which of the following artists have not been nominated to the Rock and RollHall of Fame 2013?
Who sang the song "Work Hard, Play Hard"?
Which Carly Rae Jepsen song is currently the most popular (Oct.2012)?
Which artist is going to perform the theme song for the new James Bond movie Skyfall?
"... (One Last Kiss)". What's the first part of the title?
Who produced the song "New Good Flow" by Kanye West and Pusha T?
Alicia Michelle Moore is a well-known singer. What is her stage name?
Who released an album titled "God Forgives, I Don't"?
A$AP's Rocky released the hit song "Goldie". Where was the music video shot?
In his song "Cold" Kanye West proclaims his love for whom?
Which famous TV show is titled in new Ed Sheeran's song?
Who sang "Off to the Races"?
The Chromatics are behind the song "Lady". Another song of theirs, "Tick of the Clock" was featured in a soundtrack of a film. What film was that?
What is the real name of Flo Rida?
How many people wrote the song "Scream", performed by Usher?
Which Pitbull's song is featured in the 2012 film, Men In Black III?
What album features Rihanna's song, "Where have you been?"?
Finish the following Gotye lyric - "But you didn't have to cut me off. Make out like it never happened and that we were..."
Who sings the pop hit song "Lights"?
What is Nicki Minaj's real first name?
The song "Wild Ones" features Flo Rida and...?
What was the biggest Justin Bieber hit in July 2012?
Which pop music video featured porn actor Ron Jeremy?
What movie featured the song "Eyes Open" by Taylor Swift?
What was the most popular hit of the band Maroon 5 in 2012?
Who wrote the song "We Run the Night" by Havana Brown?
Who, besides the band Fun, performs in the song "We Are Young"?
What is the biggest hit by B.o.B. in 2012?
"Call Me Maybe" lyrics - "I'd trade my ... for a wish". What's the missing word?
What is the full name of the lead singer for the band St. Lucia?
This artist's songs include hits such as "The Stonehenge", "Somebody Like Me", "Jan Egeland" and a song that took YouTube by storm this summer. Whom are we talking about?
What is the newest movie Lady Gaga is in?
"They tell me I'm too young to understand. They say I'm caught up in a dream. Well life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes. Well that's fine by me." Name the song that these lyrics come from.
Where is Charli XCX from?
Who sings the song "Midnight Sun"?
Miley Cyrus performed what song during her infamous appearance at the MTV Music Awards?
What is OneRepublic currently counting?
Britney Spears recently released a new album titled "Work B**ch". How many albums has she released in total?
In the "Best Song Ever", the band One Direction copied the intro from a famous rock song. Which one?
Aside from Daft Punk duo, "Get Lucky" features another artist. Who?
When the days are cold. And the cards all fold. And the saints we see. Are all made of... what? (Demons by Imagine Dragons)
Anton Zaslavski is better known by what stage name?
Jason Derulo released the hit song "Marry Me", inspired by his relationship with...?
She stars in the Disney TV show "Shake It Up" and released a single titled "Swag It Out". She was also one of the leads in the film Frenemies. Who is she?
In January of 2013, which member left Three Days Grace?
What is the name of the album released by Justin Timberlake in March 2013?
Which band released an album titled "Vessel" in 2013?
Which of these bands officially reformed in January 2013?
Which of these bands was formed in 2013?
During 2013, which of these bands was on hiatus?
Which of these songs is on the album "Contrast" by Conor Maynard?
Who recorded the album Long. Live.?
The phrase "Unrepentant vagabond" is the opening line of which of the following songs?
Which of the following albums was released by "The Saturdays"?
Who released the album "Girl Who Got Away" in 2013?
Which of these songs appears on the album "It Happens All the Time" by Megan Hilty?
"MB... all around the world... Beautiful girl, girl, girl. Uh, girl." First line of what Justin Bieber song?
Who recorded and released the album "Utopia" in 2013?
The songs "Now", "Grow" and "Last Hope" can be found on which of the following albums?
Who sings with Will.i.am on his song #thatpower?
What was the name of the album that Jessica Sanchez released in 2013?
What is the first song on the album 2.0 by 98 Degrees?
Who recorded the song "Heat Attack" in 2013?
"Does he tell you he loves you when you least expect it?" The first line of which song?
Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue released her debut album, "Kylie" in 1988. What album did she release in March of 2014?
Who won the 2014 Grammy award for Best Pop Vocal Album?
Currently number one on Billboard's Hot 100 chart (March 2014), what song opens with the lyrics "It might seem crazy what I’m about to say"?
Whose debut album "Pure Heroine" reached one million in sales in February of 2014?
To be released on the 16th of May 2014, on which album would you find Coldplay's hit song "Magic"?
Found on her "Prism" album, which of the following songs was recorded by Katy Perry?
The Pretty Reckless released their second album, "Going to Hell" in March of 2014. What former "Gossip Girl" star is the lead singer of the band?
What hit song opens with the lyrics, "The snow glows white on the mountain tonight. Not a footprint to be seen"?
Which artist released the song "Doin' What She Likes" in January 2014?
Coined the "Undercover King of Pop," songwriter for hire Ryan Tedder is the frontman of which pop rock band?
Whose "South by Southwest" show, performed in March of 2014, saw her being repeatedly vomited on during the performance of her hit song "Swine"?
Which artist's 2014 concert tour "Bangerz," opens with her sliding down a "Tongue Slide" that protrudes from a picture of her winking face?
The song "I Walk Alone" is the third club single from which artist's "Closer to the Truth" album?
Which pop star was charged in Florida with drunken driving, resisting arrest and driving without a valid license in January of 2014?
What hit song opens with the lyric, "Written in these walls are the stories that I can't explain. I leave my heart open but it stays right here empty for days"?
Katy Perry has been announced as one of the live performers for the 2014 Grammy Awards. Additionally, she has been nominated for Song Of the Year. Which song?
Co-written and produced by Oren Yoel, who recorded the hit ballad "Adore You"?
Recorded by Beyonce Knowles and found on her fifth studio album "Beyonce," what single features an audio sample from the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster?
"Royals" has been nominated for Song of the Year at the upcoming 2014 Grammy Awards. Who recorded the song?
Which song by Bruno Mars opens with the lyrics, "I spend all my money on a big ol' fancy car for these bright-eyed honeys. Oh yeah, you know who you are."?
Riding on the success of her pop hit single "Replay," who recently completed her first "Swag It Out" concert tour?
Which of the following hit songs was written by Jamie Scott, Caolan Dooley, John Ryan, and the British-Irish boy band, One Direction?
What hit song by Bastille starts with the lyrics "I was left to my own devices. Many days fell away with nothing to show."?
Eminem and which star have a Billboard 100 hit with the song "The Monster"?
Which of the following songs was recorded by A Great Big World and Christina Aguilera?
Peaking at number one in 22 countries to date, Avicii introduced which of the following songs for the first time at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami?
Achieving worldwide success in 2007 with the hit single "Love Song," and currently in the charts with the song "Brave," what instrument does Sara Bareilles play?
Recorded by American hip hop artist Kid Ink, which song features a hook and bridge by Chris Brown?
What hit by "The Neighbourhood" opens with the lyrics, "All I am is a man - I want the world in my hands - I hate the beach - But I stand."?
Slated to be released on January 1st, 2014, but delayed until March, which pop icon will release the album "Cheek to Cheek" with jazz singer Tony Bennett?
Which of the following rock songs won the Best Rock Performance at the 2016 Grammy Awards?
Justin Bieber had three of the top five songs on the Billboard Hot 100 chart for January 2nd, 2016. Sorry, Love Yourself and...?
What did Mike Posner take in Ibiza to show Avicii he was cool?
Which artist had hits with the songs "When We Were Young" and "Hello" in 2016?
Canadian singer and songwriter Abel Makkonen Tesfaye is better known as?
Finish the title to this hit song recorded by Shakira for the 2016 Walt Disney film  Zootopia - "Try...".
Disturbed had a hit in March of 2016 with a cover of a Simon and Garfunkel song from 1964. Name it.
Which of the following songs won the Song of the Year at the 2016 Grammy Awards?
Which of the following albums, recorded by the rock band "The Cult," was released in 2016?
Dave Grohl is the lead singer for which American rock band?
Which English rock star released his 25th studio album "Blackstar" on January 8, 2016, just two days before he died of cancer?
Released in January of 2016, the album "Dystopia" was recorded by which trash metal band?
Name the DNCE debut single that opens with the lyric - "Oh no! See you walking 'round like it's a funeral. Not so serious, girl"?
Which Canadian rapper had Billboard hits with the songs "Hotline Bling" and "Summer Sixteen" in 2016?
Which of these songs was a 2016 hit for Barbadian singer Rihanna?
Listed as number-one on the Billboard 200 in August of 2017, who recorded the album "Wonderful Wonderful"?
One of the best-selling music artists of all time, what American rock icon died from cardiac arrest on October 2nd, 2017?
Who won the award for "Best Country Album" with "A Sailor's Guide to Earth" at the 2017 Grammy Awards?
Finish the title to this 2017 Taylor Swift hit song - "Look What You ...".
What video won "Video of the Year" at the MTV Video Music Awards in August of 2017?
Released on her third studio album, which American singer had a 2017 hit with the song "Praying"?
What 2017 Billboard Top 100 song starts with the lyric - "Payback is a bad bitch and baby, I'm the baddest"?
Their seventh, what studio album did "Queens of the Stone Age" release on August 25th, 2017?
Which American rapper had Billboard hits with the songs "Congratulations", "Rockstar" and "I Fall Apart" in 2017?
Forming in 1973, what rock band released the album "Road Rage" in August of 2017?
Who received the award for "Top New Artist" at the 2017 Billboard Music Awards?
What 2017 Sam Smith hit song opens with the lyric - "You must think that I'm stupid. You must think that I'm a fool."?
American hip hop recording artist Belcalis Almanzar is better known as?
Released in March of 2017, complete the title to Khalid's debut album - "American?".
Who teamed up with French Montana to record the hit song "Unforgettable"?
Presented in February of 2017, who won the Grammy Award for Best New Artist?
Their 20th, what studio album did Deep Purple release on April 1st, 2017?
Finish the title to this 2017 Sam Hunt hit song - "Body Like a ...".
What 2017 Billboard Top 100 song starts with the lyric - "The club isn't the best place to find a lover, so the bar is where I go"?
Which Canadian rapper had Billboard hits with the songs "No Long Talk", "Get It Together" and "Blem" in 2017?
On the Billboard Hot Rock Songs chart for March/April 2017, finish the title to this Weezer song - "Feels Like ...".
Which artist, who died in March of 2017, had his songs "Maybellene" and "You Never Can Tell" make a reappearance on the charts?
Boston's drummer died on stage while playing the band's greatest hits in March of 2017. Name him.
Released on her fifth studio album, which American singer had a hit with the song "Million Reasons"?
New Zealand singer and songwriter Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor is better known as?
What Disney film soundtrack peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 chart in March of 2017?
Coinciding with what would have been his 74th birthday, which former Beatle's entire solo album collection was released in February of 2017?
Released on the film soundtrack "Fifty Shades Darker", who collaborated with Taylor Swift on the song "I Don't Wanna Live Forever"?
Presented posthumously, who won the 2017 Grammy Award for Best Rock Song?
Starting his music career as a member of Roxy Music in 1971, who released the album "Reflection" on New Year's Day, 2017?
Broadcast live from Madison Square Garden in New York City, who received the Grammy for Best New Artist?
What American rock band released a greatest hits album titled "40 Trips Around the Sun" in February of 2018?
Finish the title to this 2018 Maroon 5 number-one hit song that features Cardi B - "Girls Like ...".
What 2018 Billboard Top 100 song starts with the lyric - "Sun is down, freezin' cold. That's how we already know winter's here"?
Which American rapper had Billboard hits with the songs "Kamikaze", "The Ringer" and "Fall" in 2018?
On the Billboard Hot Rock Songs chart in 2018, finish the title to this "Greta Van Fleet" hit song - "When the ...".
Known as the "Queen of Soul", what artist died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer in August of 2018?
Released on her debut studio album "Expectations", which American singer had a hit with the song "I'm a Mess"?
American rapper and record producer "Gerald Earl Gillum" is better known as?
What 2018 film's soundtrack peaked at number-one on the Billboard 200 chart?
Released on the album "Rearview Town", who collaborated with Jason Aldean on the song "Drowns the Whiskey"?
The 2018 Grammy Award for Best Rock Album was presented to the American rock band "The War on Drugs". For what album?
Winner of seven Brit Awards, what English rock band released the album "Tranquility Base Hotel and Casino" in March of 2018?
What guitarist and bassist, for the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, passed away in August 2018 at the age of 68?
Making its debut in January of 2018, the studio album "Mania" was released by which American rock band?
Presented in January of 2018, who won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year?
Their 18th, what studio album did Judas Priest release in March of 2018?
Finish the title to this 2018 Shawn Mendes hit song - "In My ...".
What 2018 Billboard Top 100 song starts with the lyric - "I still see your shadows in my room. Can't take back the love that I gave you"?
Which Canadian rapper had Billboard hits with the songs "Nice For What", "God's Plan" and "I'm Upset" in 2018?
On the Billboard Hot Rock Songs chart for July 2018, finish the title to this "Panic! At The Disco" song - "King of the ...".
Which artist, who died at the age of 46 in January of 2018, was the lead singer for the Cranberries?
Released on her debut studio album, which American rapper had a hit with the song "Be Careful"?
American singer and songwriter Alecia Beth Moore is better known as?
What TV show's soundtrack peaked at #26 on the Billboard 200 chart in June of 2018?
Released on the album "Simi", who collaborated with Blocboy JB on the song "Look Alive"?
Who won all six Grammy Awards for which he was nominated at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards?
Winner of 12 Grammy Awards, what former member of the White Stripes released the album "Boarding House Reach" in March of 2018?
What longtime Venture's guitarist passed away in March 2018 at the age of 82?
Making its debut in April of 2018, the studio album "Ye" was released by which American rapper?
"I can't live a lie, running for my life, I will always want you" is a line from which Miley Cyrus' hit?
Big Sean features with Miley Cyrus on which track?
For what film did Miley Cyrus perform the voice of Penny?
Identify which of the following songs was released first?
On which album would you find "Simple Song"?
What is Miley Cyrus' middle name?
What was the name of the 2009 tour by Miley Cyrus?
Which of the following songs was the first single released by "Meet Miley Cyrus"?
Who guest appeared with Miley on her MTV Unplugged episode?
Which album has tracks entitled "One in a Million" and "True Friend"?
In what year did Cyrus shock the audience with a raunchy set at the VMA's with Robin Thicke?
In 2008, it was revealed that "topless" photos of Cyrus were shot for which magazine?
"I Go through guys like money" - Name the song that these lyrics come from?
How old was Miley when she cast as Hannah Montana?
In 2014, Miley was fined after spitting on her fans in which country?