Terri Clark - Terri was born on the 5th of August, 1968.
Vince Gill - Janis Oliver was a member of the band Sweethearts of the Rodeo.
Trisha Yearwood - In Another's Eyes was released in 1997.
Scotty McCreery - Scott released his debut album in 2011. It was called Clear as Day.
Gloriana - This group was founded in Nashville, Tennessee in 2008.
Confederate Railroad - This album was released in June 1995.
Danny Gokey - Danny was born in 1980, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Dirt Road Scholar - This song was on his album titled simply Dean Brody.
Lonestar - Diamond Rio was formed in 1984. They are listed as a Country/Christian band.
Heartland - This group is from Huntsville, Alabama.
Trace Adkins - Trace is from Springhill, Louisiana. He was born in 1962.
Uncle Kracker - Uncle Kracker's singles include Follow Me and Drift Away.
Tracy Byrd - Tracy Byrd has his own label, which is Blind Mule.
Whiskey Falls - Steven Williams sings lead vocals for this country group.
Sugarland - Seven people were killed when the stage collapsed due to high winds.
Do You Want To - The song includes some random bits that Alex Kapranos heard at a party one night.
Britney Spears - The first verse of the song was written in less than 60 seconds.
Rap - This was due to Eminem's problem with addiction.
Names of the four parts of the Sticky and Sweet Tour concert - There were 85 shows total in the tour.
The Beatles - The Beatles performed at The Ed Sullivan Show in 1964.
Coldplay - The band was meant as a joke. At the time, Coldplay took a break from touring and concentrated on something fun.
Luck - This is the second most popular song by Shakira.
First song to be released as a ringtone prior to its release as a single - Snoop Dogg introduced another one of his alter egos - Snoop Lion.
Gorillaz - Albarn is the only constant member of Gorillaz
Jack White and Alicia Keys - The song was titled 'Another Way to Die'.
Justin Timberlake - Timberlake is a part-owner of the basketball team Memphis Grizzlies.
Pepsi - The song was in conjunction with the 'Pepsi More' advertising campaign.
A casino - The casino was opened by Caesar's Palace Casino.
U2 - U2 was started in 1976 by Bono, The Edge, Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen.
Crazy - The song was born out of a discussion between Cee Loo Green and Danger Mouse about what it takes to be a musician.
Shakira - Beautiful Liar peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in 2007.
Ne-Yo - So Sick was released on Ne-Yo's debut studio album 'In My Own Words'.
Nickelback - As of 2015, Nickelback have sold more than 50 million albums worldwide.
With Arms Wide Open - Debuting in April of 2000, With Arms Wide Open is from Creed's second studio album, Human Clay.
Taylor Swift - Recorded in 2008, You Belong With Me is from Taylor's second studio album, Fearless.
The Fame - The Fame was nominated for five Grammy Awards.
2008 - Take a Bow was Rihanna's third song to peak at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
One Republic - One Republic initially achieved commercial success on MySpace as an unsigned act.
Fantasia Barrino - I Believe made its 'debut' at number one on the Billboard Hot 100.
6 - My Boo reached the top five in United Kingdom.
T Pain - Low was the longest running number-one single of 2008 in the U.S.
Lonely - Show me the meaning of being Lonely was released on their third studio album, Millennium, in 1999.
Nelly - Nelly won Grammy Awards in 2003 and 2004.
My Chemical Romance - My Chemical Romance formed in New Jersey.
Fall Out Boy - Fall Out Boy formed in 2001 in Chicago, Illinois.
Maria Maria - Maria Maria reached number one on the American Billboard Hot 100 on April 8, 2000.
Eve 6 - Eve 6 formed in Southern California in 1995.
Avril Lavigne - Complicated held the number one spot on the Adult Top 40 chart for 16 weeks in a row.
Bedtime Stories - Bedtime Stories was released in 1994.
Coldplay - Coldplay formed in 1996.
Madonna - The song was released in March 2000 and reached No. 1 in many countries.
Picture - The song reached #12 on the Billboard Hot 100 on February 5, 2000.
Soak Up the Sun - The Kidz Bop Kids covered the song in 2003.
Kid Rock - The song was the first ballad on record by Kid Rock.
Try Again - The song can be found on the soundtrack of the film Romeo Must Die, released in 2000.
Wants - Christina received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal.
Baha Men - Who Let the Dogs Out? was originally written and recorded by Anslem Douglas.
You - The song reached number twenty-four in the United States Billboard Hot 100.
Alicia Keys - Rolling Stone magazine named the song as one of top 10 songs of 2009.
A Girl - The song can be found on Katy's debut album One of the Boys.
Finger Eleven - The song has been featured on the television series Gossip Girl and Greek.
Gwen Stefani - According to Gwen, the song was influenced by 1980s dance and pop music.
The Party - Get the Party Started was the first single from Pink's second album called Missundaztood.
Avril Lavigne - Complicated was one of the most successful releases for the year of 2002.
Naughty Girl - The song can be found on her debut studio album,
Dangerously in Love.
A neighbourhood in Seoul - The hit song 'Gangnam Style' criticizes lifestyle of wealthy Seoul citizens.
Madonna - The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has been heavily criticized for lacking such groundbreaking bands as Rush or Deep Purple.
Whiz Khalifa - The song is featured on the new album O.N.I.F.C.
Good Time - The song is a joint project of Carly and the band Owl City.
Adele - 'Skyfall' will be the third Daniel Craig Bond movie.
Blow Me - The song comes from an album by the same title.
Tapez and Bogz - The song opens with a clever line 'I believe there's a God above me/I'm just the God of everything else'.
Pink - Alicia often points to Janis Joplin as her inspiration.
Rick Ross - The most popular song of the album, 'Hold Me Back' talks about Ross' rise from poverty.
Paris - The song was produced by Hit-Boy.
Kim Kardashian - The original title of the song was 'Theraflu'.
The A Team - Ed is a fan of the show.
Lana Del Rey - The song is from her new 'Born to Die' album.
Drive - The movie was praised for reviving the noir genre.
Tramar Dillard - Flo Rida has released four albums since her debut in 2008.
3 - It was written by Savan Kotecha, Usher and Max Martin.
Back In Time - The rest of the OST for the movie was done by Danny Elfman.
Talk That Talk - Talk That Talk is Rihanna's sixth studio album.
nothing? - The hit single has been downloaded more than 7 million times worldwide! And we're not talking about the pirated copies here.
Ellie Goulding - Ellie Goulding wrote the song herself.
Onika - Nicki Minaj was bron in Trinidad and Tobago, hence her first name.
Sia - It stands as number 7 in the top digital song billboard charts as of July 2012.
"Boyfriend" - The song 'Boyfriend' is featured in Bieber's new album 'Believe'.
Sexy and I Know It - LMFAO - The video also features stars such as Lola Blanc and Jamie Foxx.
The Hunger Games - Taylor Swift is a well-known philanthropist, supporting literacy among children.
Payphone - Maroon 5 won Favourite Band in the People's Choice Awards in 2012.
Cassie Davis - Cassie Davis plays the piano, keyboard, guitar and a sampler.
Janelle Monae - Fun performed on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon, as well as, Today.
"So Good" - B.o.B.'s real name is Bobby Ray Simmons Jr.
Soul - 'Call Me Maybe' has become a huge Internet meme after the video went viral.
Jean-Philip Grobler - Grobler was born in South Africa and moved to Brooklyn only a few years ago.
Ylvis - His hit song is, of course, "The Fox".
Machete Kills - Lady Gaga plays a character named La Chameleon.
Wake Me Up by Avicii - Avicii was heavily influenced by Swedish House Mafia.
UK - Her real name is Charlotte Emma Aitchison.
Neon Hitch - Neon Hitch is a trained trapeze artist and stilt walker.
Wrecking Ball - Despite the scandal, the song received critical acclaim.
Stars - The band comes from Colorado Springs, Colorado.
8 - Britney is also featured on the new Miley Cyrus album "Bangerz".
Baba O'Riley by The Who - Their popularity was certainly boosted by their performance on The X Factor.
Pharrell Williams - Pharrell Williams first heard of this Daft Punk project at a Madonna party.
Gold - It's the second hit by Imagine Dragons this summer, behind Radioactive.
Zedd - Zaslavski was born in a Russian-German family.
Jordin Sparks - Before entering American Idol, Sparks tried her talent as a Christian music singer.
Zendaya - Zendaya released a book titled Between U and Me - How to Rock
Adam Gontier - Adam is a Canadian singer and songwriter.
The 20/20 Experience - Justin announced that he would be touring in the summer of 2013 with Jay-Z.
Twenty-One Pilots - Twenty-One Pilots is a band formed in 2009 in Ohio.
Black Flag - The band was originally formed in 1976. They broke up in 1986.
Fight or Flight - The band's debut single was released on the 21st of May 2013.
Wofmother - Wolfmother has been together since 2000.
Animal - This is the first song on the album.
ASAP - The album was released in January of 2013.
True North - The song appears on the album True North by Bad Religion.
Chasing the Saturdays - Released in 2013, it is their second album.
Dido - The album is Dido's fourth.
Be a Man - At three minutes and thirty-four seconds in length, the song is the album's second track.
All Around the World - This song appears on the album All Around the World, which was released in 2013.
Keril - Keril is from Estonia.
Paramore - The album was put out by the pop band Paramore.
Justin Bieber - The song was released in April, 2013.
Me, You and the Music - This was Jessica's first studio album.
Microphone - The album was released in 2013.
Demi Lovato - The song appears on the album Demi.
DNA - The song appears on the album DNA along with the song Wings.
Kiss Me Once - Kylie's first single, 'The Loco-Motion', spent seven weeks at number one on the Australian singles chart.
Bruno Mars - Bruno won the award with his album 'Unorthodox Jukebox'.
Happy - Happy was recorded by Pharrell Williams.
Lorde - The album was released on 27 September 2013.
Ghost Stories - 'Magic' will be the second track on the album.
Roar - Still on the charts as of March 2014, the song is one of the best-selling singles worldwide.
Taylor Momsen - Released in 2010, the band's debut record was 'Light Me Up'.
Let It Go - The song, recorded by Idina Menzel, is from Disney's 2013 animated feature film, Frozen.
Blake Shelton - It's the fourth single from his studio album, 'Based on a True Story...'.
OneRepublic - Ryan has written songs for many different artists and bands including Adele, Beyonce and Taylor Swift.
Lady Gaga - After the show, Lady Gaga was slammed by Demi Lovato via Twitter for glamorizing bulimia.
Miley Cyrus - For sale at the concert were official Bangerz rollies at $40 a pack, each pack containing two 24-karat gold sheets.
Cher - Closer to the Truth is the twenty-fifth studio album by Cher.
Justin Bieber - Bieber was arrested with singer Khalil Amir Sharieff.
Story of My Life - 'Story of My Life' was recorded by British-Irish boy band One Direction.
Roar - Roar can be found on Katy's album, Prism.
Miley Cyrus - The song can be found on Cyrus' number-one hit album 'Bangerz'.
XO - The audio sample's inclusion has been heavily criticized by the families of the lost crew and the media.
Lorde - Royals can be found on Lorde's debut studio album, 'Pure Heroine'.
Young Girls - Young Girls is from Mars' second studio album 'Unorthodox Jukebox'.
Zendaya - As of January 2014, 'Replay' has been certified gold for selling 500,000 copies in the United States.
Story of my Life - Released by One Direction, Story of my Life is the fifth track on the album 'Now 49'.
Pompeii - Pompeii has been nominated for British Single of the Year at the 2014 BRIT Awards.
Rihanna - 'The Monster' marks the fourth collaboration among Eminem and Rihanna.
Say Something - The song was originally released in 2011 without Christina Aguilera.
Wake Me Up - The song can be found on Avicii's debut studio album, 'True'.
Piano - Sara has been nominated for a Grammy Award five times.
Show Me - On January 7, 2014, Kid Ink made his television debut performing "Show Me" on Conan.
Sweater Weather - Sweater Weather was the lead single from the Neighbourhood's debut studio album, 'I Love You'.
Lady Gaga - This is Lady Gaga's second collaboration with Tony, the first being a duet of the song 'The Lady is a Tramp'.
Don't Wanna Fight - Recorded by Alabama Shakes, Don't Wanna Fight was issued as the lead single from the band's second studio album 'Sound and Color'.
What Do You Mean? - Justin's fan base largely consists of early to mid-adolescent girls.
Pill - From Mike's 2016 hit song 'I Took a Pill in Ibiza'.
Adele - Both hits are from Adele's third studio album 25.
The Weeknd - The Weeknd released his debut studio album 'Kiss Land' in 2013.
Everything - The song is heard during the end credits to the movie.
The Sound Of Silence - Disturbed is an American heavy metal band from Chicago, Illinois.
Thinking Out Loud - Recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, Thinking Out Loud also won the Best Pop Solo Performance Grammy.
Hidden City - The Cult formed in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England in 1983.
Foo Fighters - During their career, four of the eight albums they have released have won Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album.
David Bowie - Bowie died two days after his 69th birthday of liver cancer.
Megadeth - Megadeth formed in Los Angeles, California in 1983.
Cake by the Ocean - Cake by the Ocean is the lead single from their debut album SWAAY.
Drake - Drake played the role of Jimmy Brooks on the television series Degrassi - The Next Generation.
Needed Me - Rihanna's full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty.
The Killers - Wonderful Wonderful is the Killer's first studio album in five years.
Tom Petty - Tom Petty was 66 years old.
Sturgill Simpson - A Sailor's Guide to Earth is Simpson's third studio album.
Made Me Do - Look What You Made Me Do is from Taylor's sixth studio album, Reputation.
HUMBLE - Kendrick Lamar - The awards were hosted by Katy Perry.
Kesha - Praying is from Kesha's third studio album Rainbow.
Sorry Not Sorry - Demi Lovato - From the Lovato's album Tell Me You Love Me.
Villains - Villains reached number-three on the Billboard 200 in its first week of release.
Post Malone - Malone has a tattoo of U.S. president John F. Kennedy on his arm.
Quiet Riot - The album features former American Idol contestant James Durbin on lead vocals.
Zayn - Zayn was a member of the boy band One Direction.
Too Good at Goodbyes - Too Good at Goodbyes is from Smith's second studio album The Thrill of It All.
Cardi B - Cardi B was nominated for Best New Artist and Best Female Hip-Hop Artist at the 2017 BET Awards.
Teen - Khalid's birth name is Khalid Legend Robinson.
Swae Lee - Released in April of 2017, Unforgettable can be found on the album Jungle Rules.
Chance the Rapper - Chance the Rapper's birth name is Chancelor Johnathan Bennett.
Infinite - One track from the album titled 'Time for Bedlam' was released via YouTube in in December of 2016.
Back Road - The song was written by Sam Hunt, Zach Crowell, Shane McAnally and Josh Osborne.
Shape of You - Shape of You peaked at number-one on the singles charts of 30 different countries.
Drake - Hitting number one on the U.S. Billboard 200, Drake released his debut album 'Thank Me Later' in 2010.
Summer - The song was released as a single in March of 2017.
Chuck Berry - Chuck was one of the first musicians to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame when it made its debut in 1986.
Sib Hashian - Released in 1976, Boston's self-titled debut album is one of the best- selling debut albums in U.S. history.
Lady Gaga - Found on the album 'Joanne'.
Lorde - As of 2017, Lorde has earned two Grammy Awards.
Beauty and the Beast - Beauty and the Beast is a live-action remake of Disney's 1991 animated film of the same name.
George Harrison - The boxed set is titled George Harrison - The Vinyl Collection.
Zayn Malik - The song was written by Taylor Swift, Sam Dew and Jack Antonoff.
Blackstar – David Bowie - Blackstar was released on Bowie's final studio album of the same name.
Brian Eno - Eno is widely regarded as an ambient music pioneer.
Alessia Cara - Kelly Clarkson and Nick Jonas presented the award.
Toto - The album features three previously unreleased recordings - ('Spanish Sea', 'Struck by Lightning' and 'Alone').
You - Girls Like You is from the album 'Red Pill Blues'.
Sicko Mode - Travis Scott - Sicko Mode is the second single from the 2018 album, Astroworld.
Eminem - Eminem has sold more than 47 million albums in the U.S.
Curtain Falls - When the Curtain Falls is from the 2018 album 'Anthem of the Peaceful Army'.
Aretha Franklin - She was 76 years of age.
Bebe Rexha - I'm a Mess was released as Rexha's first single.
G-Eazy - Gerald started his music career as a record producer.
Black Panther - Moana peaked at number-two on the Billboard 200 chart.
Miranda Lambert - Drowns the Whiskey was written by Josh Thompson, Brandon Kinney and Jeff Middleton.
A Deeper Understanding - A Deeper Understanding is the War on Drug's fourth studio album.
Arctic Monkeys - The album was written by frontman Alex Turner.
Ed King - Ed was one of the founding members of the band 'Strawberry Alarm Clock'.
Fall Out Boy - Mania is Fall Out Boy's the seventh studio album.
24K Magic - Bruno Mars - Alicia Keys presented the Grammy for Record of the Year.
Firepower - Firepower sold close to 50,000 copies in the United States during its first week of release.
Blood - The song chronicles Shawn's struggle with an anxiety disorder.
Lucid Dreams - Released in March of 2018, Lucid Dreams was recorded by American rapper Juice WRLD.
Drake - As of 2018, Drake holds the record for most charted songs among solo artists in the history of the Billboard Hot 100 at 154.
Clouds - Panic! at the Disco is an American rock band that formed in 2004.
Dolores O'Riordan - O'Riordan's also released two solo albums.
Cardi B - Cardi B's birth name is Belcalis Marlenis Almanzar.
Pink - Pink was originally a member of the girl group Choice.
Thirteen Reasons Why - Season 2 - The TV show is based on the 2007 novel Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher.
Drake - Look Alive peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100.
Bruno Mars - As of 2018, Mars has sold over 130 million records worldwide.
Jack White - Boarding House Reach is Jack's third solo studio album.
Nokie Edwards - Nokie is known in Japan as the King of Guitar.
Kanye West - Ye is West's eighth studio album.
Wrecking Ball - Released in 2013, Wrecking Ball is from Miley's fourth studio album Bangerz.
Love Money Party - Released in 2013, Love Money Party is from Miley's fourth studio album, Bangerz.
Bolt - Bolt was an animated film released by Walt Disney in 2008.
Ready, Set, Don't Go - Ready, Set, Don't Go was released in 2007.
Breakout - Released in 2008, Breakout is Miley's second studio album.
Ray - As of 2015, Miley has released five studio albums.
Wonder World - The Wonder World Tour was the second concert tour by Cyrus.
Nobody's Perfect - Primarily a teen pop record, Meet Miley Cyrus was Miley's debut album.
Madonna - Miley did a duet with Madonna during the show.
Meet Miley Cyrus - One in a Million was originally released by German artist Sandy Molling in 2004.
2013 - Cyrus claimed in an interview that Robin Thicke wanted her 'as naked as possible' for the 2013 event.
Vanity Fair - Cyrus is a contralto - the lowest female voice type.
Can't Be Tamed - Released in 2010, Can't Be Tamed can be found on Miley's second studio album of the same name.
11 - The TV series Hannah Montana ran from March 2006 to January 2011.
Mexico - PETA named Cyrus the 'Sexiest Vegetarian Celebrity of 2015'.